Docs Update for C++ [1/4] (#4118)
clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB: docs/docs/00100-intro/00200-quickstarts/00700-cpp.md

---
title: C++ Quickstart
sidebar_label: C++
slug: /quickstarts/c-plus-plus
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

import { InstallCardLink } from "@site/src/components/InstallCardLink";
import { StepByStep, Step, StepText, StepCode } from "@site/src/components/Steps";

Get a SpacetimeDB C++ app running in under 5 minutes.

## Prerequisites

- [SpacetimeDB CLI](https://spacetimedb.com/install) installed
- Emscripten SDK installed and on PATH (download from [emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html); use `emsdk_env.bat`/`emsdk_env.sh`)
- CMake 3.20+ and a make/ninja backend
- C++20 toolchain (host) — build targets WASM via Emscripten

> 

Reviewer: The list could be more condensed and the comment could be called out like so:
```suggestion
- [Emscripten SDK](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html) 4.0.21+ installed
- CMake 3.20+ and a make/ninja backend
- C++20 toolchain (host) — build targets WASM via Emscripten

After installing the SDK, run the appropriate `emsdk_env` script (PowerShell or Bash) so `emcc` and the CMake toolchain file are available on `PATH`.

```

<InstallCardLink />

---

<StepByStep>
  <Step title="Install Emscripten">
    <StepText>
      Use the official SDK (see [Emscripten downloads](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html)) and activate the environment so `emcc` and the CMake toolchain file are on PATH. We recommend Emscripten 4.0.21+.
    </StepText>
    <StepCode>
```bash
# From your emsdk directory (after downloading/cloning)
# Windows PowerShell
./emsdk install 4.0.21
./emsdk activate 4.0.21
./emsdk_env.ps1

# macOS/Linux
./emsdk install 4.0.21
./emsdk activate 4.0.21
source ./emsdk_env.sh
```
    </StepCode>
  </Step>

  <Step title="Create your project">
    <StepText>

>       Prefer the CLI-managed build with `spacetime build` (wraps CMake+emcc for you). The basic C++ template starts the local server, builds/publishes your module, and generates client bindings.

Reviewer: This sounded a little odd to me. I've rephrased it a bit.
```suggestion
      Use the CLI-managed workflow with `spacetime build`, which wraps CMake + `emcc` for you, starts the local server, builds/publishes your module, and generates client bindings.
```
